migrate writing programs ref from cookbook (#294)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/cookbook/programs/read-accounts.md

---
title: How to read accounts in a program
sidebarSortOrder: 6
description: "Learn how to read accounts in a Solana program."
---

> Almost all instructions in Solana would require atleast 2 - 3 accounts, and they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost all instructions in Solana require at least 2 - 3 accounts, and they
```
